Community Corner
West Hartford Psychiatrist's Medical License Revoked; Disciplinary Hearing Continues
Connecticut regulators revoked his medical license over improper prescriptions for personal use and professional standard violations.
Michael Lemanski's profile picture
Michael Lemanski,
Patch Staff
Verified Patch Staff Badge
Posted Wed, Sep 30, 2026 at 11:11 am ET
|
Updated Thu, Oct 1, 2026 at 8:28 am ET
WEST HARTFORD, CT — Connecticut medical regulators have revoked the license of a psychiatrist who operated a West Hartford practice, but disciplinary proceedings against him are not over and could result in additional penalties.

The Connecticut Medical Examining Board, part of the state Department of Public Health, revoked Dr. Douglas Zelisko's medical license during its Thursday, Sept. 24, meeting, according to the department.

However, the board continued the disciplinary hearing and is considering whether to impose civil penalties.

"However, the hearing is still ongoing, and there will be a second date for fact-finding discussions next week. Right now, the board is questioning whether to issue a civil penalty(s)," said DPH Public Information Officer Brittany Schaefer to Patch Wednesday.

Zelisko operated Integrative Psychiatry, a practice formerly located on South Main Street in West Hartford.

Support These Local Businesses
+ Get My Business Found



















The revocation follows the board's Aug. 18 decision to summarily suspend Zelisko's medical license while disciplinary proceedings were pending.

The Department of Public Health had filed a lengthy statement of charges against Zelisko, accusing him of improperly prescribing controlled substances, violating professional boundaries with psychiatric patients, and failing to cooperate with the state's investigation.

Among the allegations, DPH claims that between October 2023 and December 2024, Zelisko prescribed or dispensed three ketamine prescriptions and six testosterone prescriptions in the name of a patient who did not receive or know about them.

The department alleges the prescriptions were sent to a compounding pharmacy and delivered to Zelisko's residence for his personal use.

State health officials also allege Zelisko hired his romantic partner in February 2025 to work at his psychiatric practice as a practice administrator, life coach, counselor, and/or administrative assistant despite the person not being licensed by DPH.

According to the charges, Zelisko also treated and prescribed numerous medications to that person and failed to maintain appropriate medical records.

Other allegations concern Zelisko's relationships with psychiatric patients.

In one case, DPH alleges Zelisko violated professional boundaries with a patient who had a history of hospitalizations for behavioral health issues. The department claims he socialized with the patient at bars or restaurants, allowed the patient to stay overnight at his residence, and consumed alcohol and/or illicit substances with the patient.

Read More:

Contractor Accused Of Taking $42,000 In Payments For Work Never Done: Police
Man Impersonates Cop With Fake Cruiser On Major Highway: Police
Schools Issue Statement On Fan's 'Inappropriate Comment' At Football Game
DPH further alleges Zelisko recommended that the patient hire his romantic partner as a life coach or addiction specialist, misrepresented the person's credentials, and allowed the partner to hold or administer the patient's medications and conduct therapy sessions.

The state also alleges confidential patient information was shared without the patient's consent.

From Sept. 4: 'Clear And Immediate Danger:' West Hartford Psychiatrist's License Suspended

Get more local news delivered straight to your inbox. Sign up for free Patch newsletters and alerts.

Related:
Patch Exclusives

Share

